h2. GradleFx changelog

h3. v0.5

h5. New features
* asdoc generation feature (+ 'fatSwc' convention property for fat swc generation)
* added 'frameworkLinkage' property: defines how the Flex SDK will be linked. defaults to external for swc-based Flex projects, rsl for swf-based projects and none for pure actionscript projects
* added the 'templates' plugin with a subplugin 'scaffold': generates project directory structure and main file. See documentation for more info: https://github.com/GradleFx/GradleFx/wiki/Templates-plugin
* added the 'ide' plugin with a subplugin 'flashbuilder': allows you to generate the Adobe Flash Builder project files based on your build configuration. See documentation for more info: https://github.com/GradleFx/GradleFx/wiki/IDE-plugin

h5. Improvements
* Gradle 1.0 RC3 compatibility
* Major rework of the FlexUnit integration (greatly simplified the required setup). See documentation for more information: https://github.com/GradleFx/GradleFx/wiki/Flexunit
* 'mainClass' package notation is now also allowed (org.gradlefx.MainApp or org/gradlefx/MainApp.mxml)
* Improved the error/warning/info messages

h5. Bug fixes
* Fixed issue 37: resources aren't added correctly to the swc
* various other bug fixes

h3. v0.4.2

ATTENTION: Gradle 1.0 milestone 8 is required from now on.

* issue 30: Added a localization convention property
* issue 28: Fixed incompatibility between compc and mxmlc compiler arguments when unit testing a library
* issue 24: Added an 'air.includeFileTrees' property which can be used to include file into an AIR package
* issue 23: Added 'theme' dependency scope which makes it easier to add themes
* issue 22: Fixed compatibility with Gradle 1.0 milestone 8
* issue 18: Added support for adding folders as file-based dependencies
* issue 19: Tokens are now allowed in srcDirs parameters (e.g. 'src/resources/{locale}'

h3. v0.4.1

* fixed the copyresources task

h3. v0.4

* added support for AIR projects
* the copyresources task is now only available in non-swc type projects
* resources in the directories specified with the resourceDirs property are now included in the swc file
* put everything in place to make GradleFx compatible with the Maven plugin (there's still an outstanding bug in the Gradle bugtracker, see http://issues.gradle.org/browse/GRADLE-1963)
* fixed some FlexUnit support related issues

h3. v0.3.2

ATTENTION: Gradle 1.0 milestone 5 is required from now on.

* upgraded GradleFx to support Gradle 1.0 milestone 5
* used the new signing task in Gradle to fully automate the build process of the GradleFx project
* fixed some path issues with UNIX based operating systems
* added a convention property called 'jvmArguments' which can be used to specify jvm arguments that will be used when running the compc and mxmlc compilers

h3. v0.3.1

* fixed an issue with external dependencies overwriting internal/merged dependencies causing corrupt swf files.

h3. v0.3.0

* Added FlexUnit support for executing tests as part of the build. This is optional and any existing builds should continue to work
* Compiler warnings will now be visible on stdout

h3. v0.2.2

* Fixed a critical issue where the mainClass could never be found
* Changed the convention for the output property from "${project.name}.${project.type}" to project.name
* The output directory for the htmlWrapper task is now created when it doesn't exist yet

h3. v0.2.1

* Fixed an issue where overriding the 'output' property didn't work

h3. v0.2

* Added HTML wrapper generation

h3. v0.1

* Initial version

